{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue120;\red234\green234\blue234;\red43\green39\blue19;
\red37\green127\blue159;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20700\viewh18300\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 List of Bugs\
0. When Xcode is updated, copy C++/boost_1_57_0/boost to Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/Developer/Toolchains/XcodeDefault.xctoolchain/usr/include/boost\
1. When editing patient (or mode?) in the separate window, we can select a different patient or mode in the main window, and the results may not be consistent? - Done?\
2. Does hitting the X to close a window save the info? - Done\
3. Error checking on reading xml files - Done\
4. Saving all patients - Done\
5. Reading all patients\
6. Protocols from bank start counting at 0\
7. Need to add mode title second line 16 chars + 16 chars\
Protocol Name - Protocol Note - Additional Instructions\
8. Printing\
* Print Just names in protocol bank - Done\
* Print Programs details of all protocols in protocol bank - Done\
* Print Prescription all protocols for a single patient\
* Print Programs details of all protocols\
9. Modifying protocol bank\
* Standard\
* User\
10. Load Bank From File instead of \'93Load Protocol Bank\'94\
11. When the protocols are re-ordered then the programming is still in the same order\
12 Print panel doesn\'92t work from Mode Bank when other prints have been opened?\
13 Copy and paste programs from editing protocols\
14. Have a no expiration check box instead of setting max hours and minutes to zero\
Remove max hours and minutes\
15. Blank fields in Programs causes hang ups?  Use Strings instead of Numbers\
Also, check on max treatment hours??\
16 Reading SK-WH, the gentles don\'92t show up\
17. Registering with Apple App\
* 30%??\
18 Default protocol (new name, add instruction, add note)\
19. Fix protocol names, remove trailing \'91-\'91\
20. Write bank to file (CsvWriter)\
21. When editing protocols without exiting the protocol editor window, and then switch to another protocol, seems to add on to end of list?\
22. In Protocol Editor, add \'93Select All\'94 button\
23. Add total duration counter for protocols, also remove \'93Insertion Type\'94\
24. Default reading all patients\
25. Hitting X in protocol editor window should ask if you want to save edits\
26. Add NSUserDefaults for protocol bank file\
27. Add NSUserDefaults for protocol bank editor\
28. Hitting X/close in protocol bank editor should ask if you want to save edits\
29. Handle tabs in protocol bank editor table (tab to new row)\
30. Loading a protocol bank, and then another tacks it on the end?\
31. Can\'92t change wave shape and polarity in protocol editor.\
32. If you modify a protocol in the bank, it should go from Standard to User\
33. Check for zero frequencies, Check for min frequency > 0.1 Hz? etc.  in programs\
34. Check for max frequency, min/max current\
35. Check for serial port driver not installed versus USB not plugged in, check for System/Library/Extensions/ProlificUsbSerial.kext\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
bool\cf4  b=[[\cf5 NSFileManager\cf4  defaultManager] fileExistsAtPath:filePath];
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 36. When adding a protocol from the bank with no patient loaded, it crashes.\
36.1 Do a better job distinguishing protocol bank editor from protocol band add file.  E.g., change the window title (\'93Adding Protocol for John Doe\'94).\
36.1 Ask to save protocol file when exiting modify protocol bank.\
36.2 When protocol bank editor exits with a save, use this as new default protocol.\
37. When adding a protocol in the protocol bank editor, automatically scroll down to the bottom, so the user can see the new protocol.  Do this in all editors?\
37.1 Allow the programming of the unit to be cancelled (separate thread).\
37.2 Load bank from file doesn\'92t save as default bank\
37.6 When save a protocol bank, put the old name into the save panel.\
37.7 When saving a protocol bank, automatically add .csv extension (works on mini??).\
37.6 When editing patient info, editing the patient, and then turning off \'93No Expiration\'94 restores the patient info\
37.7 When editing the patient, the edits go directly in, and you can\'92t discard them - I think this is fixed now.\
37.8 Remove McMakin and other info from patient editing\
37.9 When closing Patient Editor, ask, \'93Do you want to save\'94\
37.91 When saving protocol bank, the \'93User Defined\'94 doesn\'92t get saved.\
37.92 Modifying protocol bank, dirties list of patients\
37.93 Discard -> Discard Changes\
37.94 Arrow keys to work in tables to move to next cell - works up and down when not in a text cell\
37.95 When adding a program in protocol editor, make sure it scrolls down to new program (set selected row?)\
37.96 If I do a File Save All Patients, the dirty flag is still set\
38.0 Check for number of programs <= 99, this could be done in the programming unit, and warn the user that only the first 99 will be written\
38.1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When I program the unit, the first attempt takes approximately 1.5 minutes, but it erases the files leaving the first program (from a previous installation) only on the unit.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 If I completely exit and then return and try another time, it will take 15 minutes (yes...that is long), but will successfully install. \'a0\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 38.2 Check for no programs when programming the unit\
38.3 When doing a select all - copy from the protocol editor, it sets the dirty flag. - This may work\
38.4 When editing in the protocol editor, and we discard changes, the list of patients is set to dirty\
38.40 When editing a protocol, and then saving a protocol, I was not asked to save the patients?\
(I think this is fixed, need to check).\
38.41 When moving to El Capitan, /dev/cu.KeySerial1 was deleted, but program did not detect this.\
(I think this is fixed need to check).\
38.42 When modifying the protocol bank, and then \'93Close Window\'94, and if you select \'93Cancel Close\'94, it exits the protocol editor.\
\
38.44 When editing in the protocol editor, the frequencies aren\'92t centered.\
\
38.5 If you start up with no previous patient file, and try to add a protocol from the bank, it gives an error, but might\
be still messed up.  Try this from another account.\
\
38.6 When editing a protocol, and then opening another at the same time, will it save the edits of the original?\
\
39. Check that moving a file (patient or csv) from a default location doesn\'92t crash during start up.\
\
40. When adding a new patient, use \'93Last\'94, \'93First\'94, and Note = blank\
\
41. Add a print protocol from Protocol Editor window.\
\
42. Check for \'93<\'93 and \'93>\'94 entered into patient data doesn\'92t mess up patient save/recall.\
\
43. Add New App Icon - Adobe photo shop elements\
\
44. When copying and pasting, or other editing in the protocol editor, the numbers can get off-centered.\
\
45. When running save or open panel, try to expand the panel to show files programmatically.\
\
46. Install Driver System/Library/Extensions - From a bundle, resources, use kextload\
\
47. Save all patients or save patient may not automatically tack on xml extension (at least on MacBook?)\
\
48. Install Application - Code signing issues\
\
49. Tabbing doesn\'92t work in protocol editor on MacBook?  Works on mini?\
\
50. Test max treatment hours, expiration date - PDI need mac mini?\
\
51. Improve program status bar estimate\
\
52. Windows port/computer. - Windows 7 or 8?\
\
53. XML vs JSON? Adam?\
\
54. Can\'92t delete patient??\
\
55. Add converter program from FoxPro data base to csv\
\
56. When saving a protocol bank to a new file name, that new file name doesn\'92t get saved for the next save.\
\
57. When changing the name of a protocol in the protocol bank editor, change it from Standard to User Defined\
\
37.3 Try programming the unit when the mac goes into sleep.\
\
\
\
9, 24, 56, 63, 78, 96, 119, 161, 178\
\
CTF 40/562, 13/443, 13/10 grouped together\
http://www.embracewellnesscenter.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/12/EWNewPatientIntake.pdf\
\
http://go.thrv.me/aff_c?offer_id=6&aff_id=8400\
<a href="http://go.thrv.me/aff_c?offer_id=6&aff_id=8400"></a>\
\
\
\
\
\
}